so on this video I just wanna go
through and do a check if you're running a
Mac computer to make sure that you can
use the pip 3 command that we need in
order to go further into the course so the way
to check it is to hold down command and
press space then type terminal a first few letters is fin and then type pip3
if you get something like that that's come up, so if
you get a command like that that means that
you're good to go
and everything is fine so if that's the
case you don't need to do anything else
and you can finish the video now or leave the video and move on to the next one
because your computer is
already configured correctly ok so I just
cleared the screen but if you've
actually type that command and you've
got something like this and I'm going to type it again
pip3
if you get an error like that then it means that there's
probably a step you missed when you first
install the software and we need to go
ahead and fixed it up so that it will
actually work now there is a way fairly
easily that's fairly easily done within
the way Python 3.5 is set up to
activate that command so it will work from the command line
that's all you really need to do so
coming back to finder and open applications
come down here to Python 3.5 and then
click on update shell profile.command
and you can see that I've done
that and it has come up and said this script will
update your shell profile when the bin
directory of Pythono is not early enough of
the Path of your shell these changes will only
be effective only in shell
windows that you have open after reading the script now in
this case it has come up and said all right you
are a Python lover already log out but what
it should do ordinarily for anyone else it
will add that to your script and that means that down
the track when you type these commands
it should work so if I go back now closes
down and open terminal window again
terminal window and if I typed pip3 that's now working for me so you
need to do the same there to make sure
it works and if you have no success you
have a problem go ahead and redo an
installation again and I'm gonna bring
that up on the screen now so you can see
I'm going to go ahead and
reinstall it so clicking on
continue continue
agree install and by doing this this should in
fact actually set up for your path
anyway but for some reason if you've got
some corruption or something along those
lines then this would just force that
to be fixed and we
should find its all updated and the environments
are actually updated for you automatically
software was completed and at that point again if
you go to terminal now type terminal type
pip3 you should find that that will then work for you
so again you only need to do the installation
step if you found that other little
update method going into applications
didn't work for you and what you may need to do
is also reboot your computer once for the
changes take effect the bottom line is
to continue in the course you need to go
into terminal and type pip 3 and if pip3 is
working you don't need to do anything
else and your good to go so that's it I'll see you in the next
video